1st: Covert Ops
While in your presence or working according to your plans, 
each of your allies gains an edge on tests with any skill 
from the intrigue skill group. Additionally, you can use the 
Lead skill to assist on any test made with a skill from the 
intrigue skill group. At the Director’s discretion, you and 
your allies can use skills from the intrigue skill group to 
attempt research or reconnaissance during a negotiation 
instead of outside of negotiation

Triggered Action:
Ranged - Triggered
Self or Ranged 10, You or an ally
Trigger: A nontarget ally is about to make an attack. 
Effect: The target can shift up to 2 squares before the 
attack resolves. After the attack resolves, both the original 
attacker and the target can shift up to 2 squares.
Spend 1 Focus: The attack deals an extra 1d6 damage
^ literally help teammates get flanking bonuses
* parry = tank hits
* overwatch = sticky, lock down targets movement

Stormwight: You channel your rage into the form of 
animals and primordial storms. You gain the Track skill.

Mastermind:  You have an encyclopedic 
knowledge of warfare, viewing the battlefield as a game 
board, and seeking victory by thinking multiple steps 
ahead of your opponents. You gain a skill from the lore 
skill group

"I want to choose my arrow effect not in town, and not after the power roll, but when I attack."
	- no risk element, just reading the situation. A skill ceiling! Learning the arrows!
		** should have both actions and maneuvers, and order matters, like stormwight
		** phase changes like stormwight? Maybe
		** prefer casting magic or rune carving to oil/ointment/salve
		** tactical benefit to using weapons and using ranged weapons specifically

Keywords: Magic, Ranged Type: Triggered
Distance: Ranged 5 Target: 1 ally
Trigger: The target makes an attack. You can use this 
ability after seeing the result of the attack. 
Effect: The attack gains an edge and deals holy damage 
equal to twice your Intuition score. 
Spend 1 Piety: The attack has a double edge and deals 
holy damage equal to twice your Intuition score. 


IDEA:
	3 kits to choose from, each one has 3 effects.
	Triggered action is like Holy Infusion, but you can pick one of the 3 effects
	Can sacrifice one of the effects - cant use it anymore for triggered actions, but 
		it powers you up in a specific way


